---
layout: post
comments: true
title:  "Announcing AI Labs"
excerpt: ""
date:   2024-01-06
mathjax: false
---

The education system is increasingly out of touch with the needs of students and society. It’s evident in the inconsistent quality of education, ideological agendas that overshadow learning, and lack of incentives for improvement. Taxpayers pour their hard-earned money into a system that is, quite frankly, failing our kids.

Shifting from the broader systemic problems to the dynamics of a classroom adds another layer of complexity to the issue. In an average public-school classroom, a teacher is forced to balance between delivering mandated curriculum with the diverse learning styles and paces of 24 students. It’s a near-impossible tasks that typically results with students who are either left behind or unchallenged, leading to a loss of interest and potential.

Imagine a world where every student, regardless of location or background, has one-on-one access to the top 1% of teachers. At AI Labs, our goal is to make this possible. Our mission is to make high-quality education universally accessible. Students can explore physics with Richard Feynman, delve into chemistry with Marie Curie, or learn about the Revolutionary War from the perspectives of George Washington, King George III, and Abigail Adams.

AI offers a level of personalization previously unimaginable. In our courses, teaching methods can adapt to each student's learning style, pace, and interests. For example, a student who excels in visual learning can receive more graphically rich content, while another who learns best through auditory methods might be taught through interactive lectures. A high school athlete, previously disengaged from physics, could discover an interest in Newton's Laws by analyzing the dynamics of football plays.

It’s not just about using technology for its own sake; it’s about applying technology to meet every student’s needs.

AI Labs is our response to a serious problem in the education system. The current system is not only failing our kids in the present; we are compromising their future. Let’s rebuild education together.

Sign up <a href="http://tinyurl.com/ai-labs-updates" target="_blank">here</a> for access to our first course, Physics 101 with Richard Feynman.

Launch video: <a href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AkpyRqoGckQ" target="_blank">Let's Rethink Education</a>